Here are the links for my projects:
https://github.com/kmcdonald614/kmcdonald614.github.io
https://github.com/kmcdonald614/Project2-DynamicServer
https://github.com/kmcdonald614/RESTful-API

One way one of these projects could be used to connect to the common good would be the St Paul crime page project(RESTful-API) with the interactive map. Why this would be for the common good? Because it allows people to be aware of their surroundings, allow the people to be familiar on which areas of St.Paul are filled with crimes and allows the people to avoid these areas if at all possible. The DynamicServer project can also be attributed to the common good because it allows people to see what sort of damage we are doing to our world and even in the United States, and gives the people the option to see which emissions are the most dangerous to our world, giving them the chance to change the world one day at a time by reducing the emissions themselves. My personal website doesn't have much to do with the common good considering it is just a glorified "about me " website. The crime project is something of great interest to me, mainly because nowadays, its hard to feel safe in areas that you may have felt safe in the past. It feels like a duty of mine to enlighten everyone in which neighborhoods have the highest amount of crime and to check which areas even have a history of violent crimes. It very well could save someone's life. Of the 3 projects, the crime page is the one that I am most proud of as it can be a very good tool for safety and could possibly prevent someone from being mugged/assaulted.
